add CascadeDelete flag and explain effect on clone process (#2162)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/framework/data-handling/add-complex-data-to-existing-entities.md

* `referenceClass`: The class name of the definition that we want to connect via the association.
* `autoload`: As the name suggests, this parameter defines if this association should always be loaded by default when the product is loaded. In this case, we definitely want that.

> Associations marked with the `CascadeDelete` flag are considered in the clone process ([see here](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/resources/references/adr/2020-07-02-control-clone-behavior.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Associations marked with the `CascadeDelete` flag are considered in the clone process. Take a look at the [clone behaviour](../../../../../resources/references/adr/2020-07-02-control-clone-behavior.md)
```
